we'd have time to get this last week but
senator Ted Cruz while the sea levels
rise here on earth Ted Cruz has an eye
on space the senator from Texas took to
the floor last week to warn us about the
dangers of space pirates just when you
think Ted Cruz can't get any weirder he
goes it becomes a Scientologist honest
but he made the case to defend the cost
of the space force which will reportedly
cost thirteen billion dollars but Ted
Cruz says we need the spaceport
to battle space pirates because you know
there was a movie called space force did
not cost thirteen billion dollars it was
a TV movie in the 70s well here it is
and so that was the original space force
and of course that can never be topped
you can't but nowadays we're rebooting
and we're remaking things all the time I
got a Latin with Will Smith and so we
contacted one of the original stars of
that show and we made it all over again
and now with the threat of space pirates
imminent I am pleased to present the
world premiere trailer for the sequel to
space force the movie it's the future
the year 2019
and somewhere deep in the Milky Way our
intrepid team of cosmic heroes
patrols the galaxy for threats to
America steady as she goes space force
captain we're receiving an urgent
message from Grand Admiral Cruz very
well put him through
pirates threatened the open seas and the
same as possible in space a grand
admiral Cruiser in all due respect that
sounds a bit ridiculous gods gravy was
that captain it's the Pirates those
aren't just any pirates those are space
pirates space force to attackable space
pirates why are they attacking captain
they're after our trove of moon
doubloons
[Music]
look at him scurry Ohio lunar lovers we
be space pirates and it's over your moon
doubloons or walk the play had no cruise
warn us about you what exactly are you
news day says this film is a treasure
that should have stayed buried buzz open
Kasich off-putting and Senator Ted Cruz
proclaimed it would appear you've taken
my words out of context
starring Fred Willard Neil arms gone and
Daniel day-lewis space forced to Atacama
space pirates because in space no one
can hear you shudder your timbers see
you in space hell you scurvy mother
[Music]
[Applause]
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it